Add myself to the team (#270)
Babylonpartners/ios-playbook: Cookbook/Technical-Documents/NewHiresCheckList.md

1. It can be useful to create a command line alias for `pod` to `bundle exec pod` so that you are guaranteed to always be running the correct version of CocoaPods.

1. Add yourself to the team list in the [playbook](https://github.com/babylonhealth/ios-playbook) by making your first PR 😉

>    You can do this by editing `scripts/squads.yml` and then running `scripts/squads.rb` which will update the main readme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   You can do this by editing `scripts/squads.yml` and then running `ruby scripts/squads.rb` which will update the list
```

Author: Makes sense! I wrote thinking of "running the script" not "running the command", but this will be less ambiguous 👍
